I am extremely lazy. Here is the link to the google doc: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bGAIVi5vVtEoCCM8oV8DLjdOOSpM3rxV0opBgPWKgM8/edit?usp=sharing

I made it so that anyone with the link can edit, so you don't have to sign in to work on it.
I guess I can post what I wrote down last night here, just cuz can. :p


Note: this is a rough draft that I am typing (without editing) at 4:30am. I am just putting some things down. Idk if we will use any of this. :p

We walked along the dark path. We would have taken the main road, except it was 1:45am and the guards were patrolling the area, looking for those who broke the curfew.

It was a stupid dare - "I bet I would last longer in that old, abandoned house than you" - but a challenge was a challenge and neither of us were about to back down.

We come to the clearing just outside of the gates to the mansion. The wind picks up and the trees rustle harshly and the rusted, old gate creaks on its hinges.

We start towards the house. You are a little hesitant, but, not one to be outdone so easily, you follow along. Just as we passed through the gate, a particularly strong gust of wind hits and the screech of rusted metal banging together makes you jump.

The gate had closed behind us.

You looked scared, but you were always one to take charge if needed. You thought of everything, didn't you? You weighed your options: you could check the gate to see if it would open or you could continue forward in an attempt to act tough.

(You decided to check the gate. You grabbed the metal bar and pulled. Other than the loud screech of protest from the gate, nothing happened. The gate would not budge and you realize it had locked.

you could try to hop the gate/fence? - it wouldnt be too hard to do.
You could also go look for the key in the house. We came here to go into the house anyway.
 ~~ you try to climb over the gate. You have done this plenty of times before, so you scale the fence with ease. As you near the top of the gate, the metal bar you were standing on to support yourself gives out(way?) and you fall. ~~~~someone write the gory part where the leg gets stabbaged and gashed up from the rusty metal gate~~~~)

You have no choice, but to go into the house and look for the key. *variation in whether or not hurt and maybe reason for going to the house (ex: to look for the key -- you have a reputation to maintain and a locked gate isnt enough to scare you away)

Bleh. Effort. Peace, im out. I did like 15 minute or less of work. :/ sorry, im lame.
